# CS340-SNHU

How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

Writing code in an iterative manner has worked well for me up to now. Making sure best practices are employed. Clear and informative comments are important for any future user to understand the intent of each method or class. Keeping to a common naming convention for methods and variables helps with continuity and readability. Implementing code after proper testing in a incremental manner is one way to kepp things clean and save time towards the end of the project. Having the python crud module helped simplify test scripts and made the dashboard creation easier. It provides for a modular approach. This allows the reuse of such code on future projects given that the crud module is rather generic and provides for just those operations. 

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

Approaching issues as a computer scientist requires critical thinking. The issue has to be broken down into smaller, more managable issues. We have to look at each issue from every angle and design a solution that resolves the situation. This assignment required a multilevel approach. We had to work out any issues with our database, then design a module to perform the crud operations, and finally build a dashboard to give users access to filtering options for the database. The full stack method seems to be one of the best approaches to client-server based systems. Moving ahead, I plan to implement this design on future projects where applicable. Creating a system in layers using an iterative approach will be a helpful method for future project development. 

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

Computer scientist use the any tools available to develop systems that handle many of our everyday functions. They deal with data in all forms, develop software for clients based on thier requirements, work with robotics, develop algorithms, and research systems design and implementation among other things. This is important for many reasons. Computer scientist help build on our technological advancements and push technology further. They also improve upon systems wer already use every day. Knowing this we can say that we can help companies such as Grazioso Salvare by increasing thier ability to efficiently provide animals for rescue training. We can improve upon existing systems to help them provide better services. By improving upon the technology they use every day, we can help them increase revenue, grow the business, and ultimately improve the rescue animal segment. 
